index.md, before:

---
title: Guides 
layout: default
subtitle: A set of resources to help you find and work with IIIF materials, built by members of the IIIF community
hero:
    image: "https://ids.si.edu/ids/iiif/CHSDM-139887_01/full/1024,/0/default.jpg"
breadcrumbs:
 - label: Get started
   link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url}}/get-started'
guide_cards:
  - label: Find IIIF resources
    description: Discover IIIF-enabled materials from institutions around the world.
    link: '/finding_resources/'
  - label: How to use IIIF viewers
    description: Learn how to use IIIF materials in a variety of viewers for teaching, research across sites, and more.
    link: '/using_iiif_resources/'
ux_cards:
  - label: Guide to IIIF personas
    description: How to understand your users through IIIF personas.
    link: '/guides/personas/'
additional_cards:
  - label: Learn the basics of how IIIF works
    description: Read our plain language description of IIIF technology.
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url }}/get-started/how-iiif-works'
  - label: IIIF online training course
    description: Open access training materials covering the Image and Presentation APIs as well as annotating images, among other topics.
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url}}/get-started/training/'
  - label: Non-English IIIF Resources
    description: A variety of tutorials, videos, and tools source from many countries within the IIIF community. 
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url }}/get-started/non-english/'
  - label: IIIF image playground
    description: Try changing some of the parameters of a URL to see exactly how the IIIF Image API works. 
    link: https://www.learniiif.org/image-api/playground
implementer_cards:
  - label: Guide for IIIF implementers
    description: This brief guide will lead you through some of the decision points to help get you going with IIIF.
    link: '/guide_for_implementers/'
  - label: Using the navPlace Extension With Leaflet
    description:  This guide will show how to use the navPlace property to connect geographic coordinates with IIIF Manifests.
    link: '{{ site.guides_url }}/guides/navplace/'
---

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Guides to finding and working with IIIF materials

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.guide_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Technical guides for implementers

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.implementer_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Guides on UX and design elements

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.ux_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}


## Other tutorials and guides of interest

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.additional_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

Commit message:

Add SEO guide to index.md

index.md, after:

---
title: Guides 
layout: default
subtitle: A set of resources to help you find and work with IIIF materials, built by members of the IIIF community
hero:
    image: "https://ids.si.edu/ids/iiif/CHSDM-139887_01/full/1024,/0/default.jpg"
breadcrumbs:
 - label: Get started
   link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url}}/get-started'
guide_cards:
  - label: Find IIIF resources
    description: Discover IIIF-enabled materials from institutions around the world.
    link: '/finding_resources/'
  - label: How to use IIIF viewers
    description: Learn how to use IIIF materials in a variety of viewers for teaching, research across sites, and more.
    link: '/using_iiif_resources/'
ux_cards:
  - label: Guide to IIIF personas
    description: How to understand your users through IIIF personas.
    link: '/guides/personas/'
additional_cards:
  - label: Learn the basics of how IIIF works
    description: Read our plain language description of IIIF technology.
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url }}/get-started/how-iiif-works'
  - label: IIIF online training course
    description: Open access training materials covering the Image and Presentation APIs as well as annotating images, among other topics.
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url}}/get-started/training/'
  - label: Non-English IIIF Resources
    description: A variety of tutorials, videos, and tools source from many countries within the IIIF community. 
    link: '{{ site.root_url | absolute_url }}/get-started/non-english/'
  - label: IIIF image playground
    description: Try changing some of the parameters of a URL to see exactly how the IIIF Image API works. 
    link: https://www.learniiif.org/image-api/playground
implementer_cards:
  - label: Guide for IIIF implementers
    description: This brief guide will lead you through some of the decision points to help get you going with IIIF.
    link: '/guide_for_implementers/'
  - label: Guide for Thinking about IIIF and SEO
    description: This brief guide will lead you through some of considerations related to what, if any, impact IIIF images and viewers will have when it comes to visibility in search engines.
    link: '/guide_for_implementers/'
  - label: Using the navPlace Extension With Leaflet
    description:  This guide will show how to use the navPlace property to connect geographic coordinates with IIIF Manifests.
    link: '{{ site.guides_url }}/guides/navplace/'
---

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Guides to finding and working with IIIF materials

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.guide_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Technical guides for implementers

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.implementer_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}

## Guides on UX and design elements

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.ux_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}

{{ theme.block-center-start }}


## Other tutorials and guides of interest

{% include blocks/cards.html items=page.additional_cards %}

{{ theme.block-end }}
